[PROF-9147] Document workaround for Ruby gc_finalize_deferred (#22019)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/ruby.md

## Segmentation faults in `gc_finalize_deferred` in Ruby versions 2.6 to 3.2

> A workaround for this issue is automatically applied since [`dd-trace-rb` version 1.21.0][3]. We recommend upgrading to this version or later to fix this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workaround for this issue is automatically applied since [`dd-trace-rb` version 1.21.0][3]. Datadog recommends upgrading to this version or later to fix this issue.
```

[1]: /tracing/troubleshooting/#tracer-debug-logs
[2]: /help/

> [3]: https://github.com/datadog/dd-trace-rb/releases/tag/v1.21.0

Author: `[3]` was no longer being used so I ended up reusing it for this entry.
